1. Double Init is back!
2. Red Letter not happening in the internal of word display (also scoring??)
3. My solution to have the popup go away is bad!


Show which tiles are part of words - borders on the tiles?
Remove Calc Score - make it "list words" - put all words/scores under board
Border on the tiles!
Does it work on mobile/other browsers?

Check the date and have a "date->puzzle" word/seed generation
Seed -- print it and a way to set/enter it?
Leaderboard -- pointsx10-turns? something? and backend
Publish -- how do you say "this is my score" or do we track best or...?
Dailies -- a way to set a word+seed for a day? or we make one up each day? 
"Main word" - a <width> letter word that uses the tricky letter?


======
step 1 is generating a more interesting board, without breaking the rest of the game
so we want to add
a) make sure there is one word that is possible to make that is the full size of the grid
b) do adaptive letter probability - where we see what we have already put on the grid
c) have the board density be 40-60 percent of the squares
d) use a random seed, so we can regenerate a given board (in preparation for daily puzzles)

and later we will change the setup phase to pick from the daily, a random, or a seed you enter
======


GITHUB Notes:

Use the Cleanup Branch
  Optional: Use Branches for Cleanup and Features
  To keep your main branch clean:
    Create a branch for cleanup:
    git checkout -b cleanup
  Commit all your cleanup fixes there.
  Merge back into main once stable:
    git checkout main
    git merge cleanup
  Maybe also push the merged branch back up
    git push origin main


Git Stuff:
  git push -u origin cleanup
    pushes the cleanup branch, also -u makes cleanup the default branch for now
  git checkout main
  git merge cleanup
    to merge into main - checkout the main branch, then merge into it
  git branch -d cleanup
  git push origin --delete cleanup
    remove the dead branch

Pull Requests:
  If you’re working with collaborators or want to review changes before merging into main:
    Go to your GitHub repository.
    Navigate to the "Pull Requests" tab.
    Click "New Pull Request".
    Set the base branch to main and the compare branch to cleanup.
    Review the changes and create the pull request.